content/socratic-12.md, before:

+++
title = "Socratic Seminar 12"
date = 2023-01-18
aliases = ["socratic/2023/01/18/socratic-12.html"]
+++

## Housekeeping

- [What is a Socratic Seminar?](https://bitdevs.org/about#socratic-seminars)
- Questions are encouraged, including basic ones! Suggest topics for the next Socratic Seminar [here](https://github.com/0xBEEFCAF3/bostonbitdevs/issues/new).
- No photos, videos, or recordings.
- [Chatham House Rule](https://www.chathamhouse.org/about-us/chatham-house-rule): You are free to share discussions and learnings from Boston BitDevs, but do not reveal the source of the information. Do not share the identity of any of the speakers or participants.

## lightning-dev

- [A proposal for modifying the lightning channel protocol to introduce "Tunable Penalties"](https://github.com/JohnLaw2/ln-tunable-penalties/blob/main/tunablepenalties10.pdf)
- [New lightning channel Factory construction proposals based on the above "Tunable Penalties" idea](https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/lightning-dev/2022-December/003782.html)
- [Circuitbreaker: an imperfect way to fight back against channel jamming](https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/lightning-dev/2022-December/003781.html)
- [LDK 113 - Ability to intercept HTLCs](https://github.com/lightningdevkit/rust-lightning/releases/tag/v0.0.113)

## Full-RBF Follow up

- [Full-RBF December Statistics](https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-December/021296.html)

## Bitcoin Core

- [BIP324 v2 P2P Transport Protocol PR merged](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/pull/1378#event-8155389517)

## bitcoin-dev

- [ZeroSync - verify Bitcoin's chain state in an instant with a compact cryptographic proof](https://zerosync.org/)
- [OP_VAULT - Vaults and Covenants](https://jameso.be/vaults.pdf)
- [BIP-329 - A standard for importing wallet labels](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0329.mediawiki)

## Misc

- [Malicious Python Packages Replace Crypto Addresses in Developer Clipboards](https://blog.phylum.io/pypi-malware-replaces-crypto-addresses-in-developers-clipboard)
- [Do Not Rug on Me: Leveraging Machine Learning Techniques for Automated Scam Detection ](https://www.mdpi.com/2227-7390/10/6/949)
- [Someone trolling Martin Shkreli with Hal Finney’s private key](https://martinshkreli.substack.com/p/paul-le-roux-is-satoshi)
- [COVID-bit: Keep a Distance of (at least) 2m From My Air-Gap Computer!](https://arxiv.org/abs/2212.03520)

Commit message:

Socratic 12: add Swap-in-Potentiam and MAD Transactions

content/socratic-12.md, after:

+++
title = "Socratic Seminar 12"
date = 2023-01-18
aliases = ["socratic/2023/01/18/socratic-12.html"]
+++

## Housekeeping

- [What is a Socratic Seminar?](https://bitdevs.org/about#socratic-seminars)
- Questions are encouraged, including basic ones! Suggest topics for the next Socratic Seminar [here](https://github.com/0xBEEFCAF3/bostonbitdevs/issues/new).
- No photos, videos, or recordings.
- [Chatham House Rule](https://www.chathamhouse.org/about-us/chatham-house-rule): You are free to share discussions and learnings from Boston BitDevs, but do not reveal the source of the information. Do not share the identity of any of the speakers or participants.

## lightning-dev

- [A proposal for modifying the lightning channel protocol to introduce "Tunable Penalties"](https://github.com/JohnLaw2/ln-tunable-penalties/blob/main/tunablepenalties10.pdf) by John Law
- [New lightning channel Factory construction proposals based on the above "Tunable Penalties" idea](https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/lightning-dev/2022-December/003782.html) by jlspc
- [Circuitbreaker: an imperfect way to fight back against channel jamming](https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/lightning-dev/2022-December/003781.html) by Joost Jager
- [LDK 113 - Ability to intercept HTLCs](https://github.com/lightningdevkit/rust-lightning/releases/tag/v0.0.113)
- [Swap-in-Potentiam](https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/lightning-dev/2023-January/003810.html) by Jesse Posner, ZmnSCPxj: Moving Onchain Funds "Instantly" To Lightning. A new proposal that enables bitcoin users with LSPs to receive to on-chain addresses/contracts constructed in a way that the on-chain funds can be used to instantly swap for lightning liquidity should the user want to in the future.

## Full-RBF Follow up

- [Full-RBF December Statistics](https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-December/021296.html) by Peter Todd
- [MAD Transactions](https://medium.com/@idBrain/mad-transactions-mutual-assured-destruction-transactions-c04f7b5a2fa7) by idBrain: A new 0-conf tx protocol proposal as a way to enable 0-conf txs in a full-rbf world. A game theoretical solution based on mutually assured destruction.

## Bitcoin Core

- [BIP324 v2 P2P Transport Protocol PR merged](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/pull/1378#event-8155389517) - [https://bip324.com](https://bip324.com)

## bitcoin-dev

- [ZeroSync - verify Bitcoin's chain state in an instant with a compact cryptographic proof](https://zerosync.org/)
- [OP_VAULT - Vaults and Covenants](https://jameso.be/vaults.pdf)
- [BIP-329 merged](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0329.mediawiki): A standard for importing wallet labels

## Misc

- [Malicious Python Packages Replace Crypto Addresses in Developer Clipboards](https://blog.phylum.io/pypi-malware-replaces-crypto-addresses-in-developers-clipboard)
- [Do Not Rug on Me: Leveraging Machine Learning Techniques for Automated Scam Detection ](https://www.mdpi.com/2227-7390/10/6/949)
- [Someone trolling Martin Shkreli with Hal Finney’s private key](https://martinshkreli.substack.com/p/paul-le-roux-is-satoshi)
- [COVID-bit: Keep a Distance of (at least) 2m From My Air-Gap Computer!](https://arxiv.org/abs/2212.03520)
