content/socratic-10.md, before:

+++
title = "Socratic Seminar 10"
date = 2022-10-26
aliases = ["socratic/2022/10/26/socratic-10.html"]
+++

## Housekeeping!

- Questions are encouraged, including basic ones! Suggest topics for the next Socratic Seminar [here](https://github.com/0xBEEFCAF3/bostonbitdevs/issues/new).
- [Chatham House Rule](https://www.chathamhouse.org/about-us/chatham-house-rule): You are free to share discussions and learnings from Boston BitDevs, but do not reveal the source of the information. Do not share the identity of any of the speakers or participants.

## Culture

- TBD

## Bitcoin Core

- [Add foreign_outputs metadata to support CoinJoin transactions](https://bitcoincore.reviews/25991)
- [P2P encryption BIP324 Draft](https://diyhpl.us/wiki/transcripts/bitcoin-core-dev-tech/2022-10-10-p2p-encryption/)
- [Erlay support signaling has been merged into Bitcoin Core](https://tftc.io/martys-bent/issue-1274/?ref=TFTC-newsletter)

## Lightning

- LDK supports [0conf channel openings](https://twitter.com/lightningdevkit/status/1570455625104232449)
- LND Broke [background](https://twitter.com/lopp/status/1579268315880751104?s=20&t=ZHCZ5pob-tRuZfSYxaNL_g), [the fix](https://github.com/btcsuite/btcd/pull/1896)
- [Taro Launch](https://lightning.engineering/posts/2022-9-28-taro-launch/)
- [CLNv0.12.0](https://blog.blockstream.com/core-lightning-v0-12-0/)

## Privacy

- [Tornado Cash uapdates](https://twitter.com/NeerajKA/status/1569719433395929093)

## Misc

- [Patoshi Mining analysis](https://blog.lopp.net/was-satoshi-a-greedy-miner/)
- [SEC Claims All of Ethereum Falls Under US Jurisdiction](https://decrypt.co/110107/sec-ethereum-us-jurisdiction)
- [Bitcoin ZK Roll ups](https://bitcoinrollups.org)

Commit message:

Updates for Socratic 10, also add Atlanta and DC BitDevs to README

content/socratic-10.md, after:

+++
title = "Socratic Seminar 10"
date = 2022-10-26
aliases = ["socratic/2022/10/26/socratic-10.html"]
+++

## Housekeeping!

- Questions are encouraged, including basic ones! Suggest topics for the next Socratic Seminar [here](https://github.com/0xBEEFCAF3/bostonbitdevs/issues/new).
- [Chatham House Rule](https://www.chathamhouse.org/about-us/chatham-house-rule): You are free to share discussions and learnings from Boston BitDevs, but do not reveal the source of the information. Do not share the identity of any of the speakers or participants.

## Culture

- [Hodlonaut defeats Craig Wright](https://bitcoinmagazine.com/legal/hodlonaut-wins-defamation-case-against-craig-wright) in Norwegian court case for defamation

## Bitcoin Core

- [Add foreign_outputs metadata to support CoinJoin transactions](https://bitcoincore.reviews/25991)
- Updates to [BIP 324](https://bip324.com/), a new P2P transport protocol with encryption 
- [Erlay support signaling has been merged into Bitcoin Core](https://tftc.io/martys-bent/issue-1274/?ref=TFTC-newsletter)
- [When Taproot?](https://whentaproot.org/)
- [How much blockspace would it take to spend the complete UTXO set?](https://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/114043/how-much-blockspace-would-it-take-to-spend-the-complete-utxo-set)

## Lightning

- LDK supports [0conf channel openings](https://twitter.com/lightningdevkit/status/1570455625104232449)
- LND Broke [background](https://twitter.com/lopp/status/1579268315880751104?s=20&t=ZHCZ5pob-tRuZfSYxaNL_g), [the fix](https://github.com/btcsuite/btcd/pull/1896)
- [Taro Launch](https://lightning.engineering/posts/2022-9-28-taro-launch/)
- [CLNv0.12.0](https://blog.blockstream.com/core-lightning-v0-12-0/)

## Validity Rollups on Bitcoin

- [A new report](https://bitcoinrollups.org/) by John Light

## Mining

- [Stratum V2 reference implementation](https://twitter.com/StratumV2/status/1579805619351326722) goes live
- [New design for Braidpool](https://diyhpl.us/wiki/transcripts/tabconf/2022/braidpool/), by Bob McElrath

## Regulation

- Tornado Cash updates [#1](https://twitter.com/NeerajKA/status/1569719433395929093), [#2](https://twitter.com/preston_vanloon/status/1572958754395811841), and [#3](https://twitter.com/jerrybrito/status/1580237327364157440)
- [SEC Claims All of Ethereum Falls Under US Jurisdiction](https://decrypt.co/110107/sec-ethereum-us-jurisdiction)

## Misc

- [Patoshi Mining analysis](https://blog.lopp.net/was-satoshi-a-greedy-miner/)
- New privacy focused [Spiral](https://btc.usespiral.com/) block explorer
